
== Misc Data Structures ==

This is a Chicken Scheme egg which provides an assortment of data structures.

=== overall ===

This egg contains (or will contain) a few assorted data structures for convenience
in porting some older Scheme->C code into chicken.

==== zippers ====

:(zipper:initialize tree)

Initializes a zipper with a given tree structure. Currently requires the tree
to be some nested list data-structure.

:(zipper:descend zipper i)

Descend into branch ''i'', keeping contex in the thread internally.

:(zipper:ascend zipper)

Take a step backwards along your route of descent thus far.

:(zipper:descend-seq zipper seq)

Descend down a tree given a sequence of branch choices.

:(zipper:ascend-n zipper n)

Ascend/Backtrack ''n'' steps.

:(zipper:can-ascend? zipper)

Bounds checking.

:(zipper:ascend-until zipper predicate)

Conditional backtracking.

:(zipper:ascend-height zipper)

=== License ===

   Copyright 2012-2013 Purdue University. All rights reserved.

   Contact Siddharth Narayanaswamy, siddharth@iffsid.com.

   This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
   along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses.
__NOTOC__
